Don't repeat restoring fuzzy cache when task failed (#5)
restaumatic/taskrunner: test/t/fuzzy-cache-main-branch-tracking-failed.txt

# no toplevel
# s3

> # When a task fails, we don't want to redownload the same fuzzy cache again,

Reviewer: Maybe also output this ? It would make the output test/t/fuzzy-cache-main-branch-tracking-failed.out self contained?

# because it might clobber incremental compilation results.

export TASKRUNNER_SAVE_REMOTE_CACHE=1
export TASKRUNNER_FALLBACK_BRANCHES="main"
export TASKRUNNER_MAIN_BRANCH="main"

git --bare init -q -b main upstream.git

mkdir a

(
  cd a
  echo foo > input.txt
  git init -q -b main
  git add input.txt
  git commit -q -m "commit1"
  
  git remote add origin ../upstream.git
  git push -q origin main
)

cp -r a b

go() {
  # Note: we want separate workdir for separate repos
  TASKRUNNER_STATE_DIRECTORY="$(pwd)" taskrunner -n mytask bash -e -c '
    snapshot input.txt --outputs output.txt --fuzzy-cache 
    echo -n "Expensive computation, "
    if [ -f output.txt ]; then
      echo "previous output is $(cat output.txt)"
    else
      echo "no previous output"
    fi
    rev input.txt > output.txt
    if [ "${FAIL:-}" = 1 ]; then exit 1; fi
  '
}

(
  cd a
  go
  echo "Output in a is: $(cat output.txt)"
)

(

>   echo "*** 'bar' in b, should get fuzzy cache but fails:"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  echo "*** 'bar' in b, should get fuzzy cache and then fail:"
```

Reviewer: (make it clearer that the fuzzy cache fetch should succeed)
